Chuck Norris was once in a knife fight, and the knife lost.
The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
Chuck Norris wipes his ass with chain mail and sandpaper.
How many Chuck Norris require to screw a light bulb? None, he will screw it all.
Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
Wo hu cang long. The translation from Mandarin Chinese reads: "Crouching Chuck, Hidden Norris"
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
There is in fact an 'I' in Norris, but there is no 'team'. Not even close.
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
Chuck Norris will attain statehood in 2009. His state flower will be the Magnolia.
Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
When Chuck Norris makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes.
Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck givet
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
The opening scene of the movie "Saving Private Ryan" is loosely based on games of dodgeball Chuck Norris played in second grade.
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips. Chuck Norris can kill him and take it.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
It is better to give than to receive. This is especially true of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
The 11th commandment is ?Thou shalt not piss off Chuck Norris? This commandment is rarely enforced, as it is impossible to accomplish.
Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris does not wear a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom. He injects it directly into his neck with a syringe.
One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states.
If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
When J. Robert Oppenheimer said "I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds", He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris halloween costume he was wearing.
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
When Chuck Norris works out on the Total Gym, the Total Gym feels like it's been raped.
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
Aliens DO indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Chuck Norris is on.
Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, but Chuck Norris beats all 3 at the same time.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
Movie trivia: The movie "Invasion U.S.A." is, in fact, a documentary.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is "Charles". Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a fieldgoal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
Chuck Norris once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is "his" way.
Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Chuck Norris to kill you...Fourty seven times.
The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he MEANS it.
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
In the medical community, death is referred to as "Chuck Norris Disease"
Chuck Norris once worked as a weatherman for the San Diego evening news. Every night he would make the same forecast: Partly cloudy with a 75% chance of Pain.
CNN was originally created as the "Chuck Norris Network" to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time.
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Guantuanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for "Chuck Norris' basement".
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
Bill Gates thinks he's Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris actually laughed. Once.
If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
In the movie "The Matrix", Chuck Norris is the Matrix. If you pay close attention in the green "falling code" scenes, you can make out the faint texture of his beard.
In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is widely predicted to be first black president. If you're thinking to yourself, "But Chuck Norris isn't black", then you are dead wrong. And stop being a racist.
If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
Chuck Norris is actually the front man for Apple. He let's Steve Jobs run the show when he's on a mission. Chuck Norris is always on a mission.
Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks: "Do you want fries with that?". Because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't want fries with anything. Ever.
The original draft of The Lord of the Rings featured Chuck Norris instead of Frodo Baggins. It was only 5 pages long, as Chuck roundhouse-kicked Sauron's ass halfway through the first chapter.
That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups -- that's Chuck Norris moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
Chuck Norris is the only man who has, literally, beaten the odds. With his fists.
Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum. Chuck Norris chews tin foil.
Chuck Norris knows everything there is to know - Except for the definition of mercy.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Jack Bauer tried to use his detailed knowledge of torture techniques, but to no avail: Chuck Norris thrives on pain. Chuck Norris then ripped off Jack Bauer's arm and beat him to death with it. Game, set, match.
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle.
In an act of great philanthropy, Chuck made a generous donation to the American Cancer Society. He donated 6,000 dead bodies for scientific research.
Chuck Norris did not "lose" his virginity, he stalked it and then destroyed it with extreme prejudice.
When Chuck Norris goes to out to eat, he orders a whole chicken, but he only eats its soul.
There is no such thing as a lesbian, just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris.
If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
A man once taunted Chuck Norris with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying "Betcha can't eat just one!" Chuck Norris proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, and the man in one deft move.
President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Chuck Norris carried his the same distance in half the time.
If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
Chuck Norris has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture; he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ.
The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
When Arnold says "I'll be back" in Terminator movie it is implied that he's going to ask Chuck Norris for help.
When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
The 1972 Miami Dolphins lost one game, it was a game vs. Chuck Norris and three seven year old girls. Chuck Norris won with a roundhouse-kick to the face in overtime.
Chuck Norris can win in a game of Russian roulette with a fully loaded gun.
Chuck Norris eats lightning and shits out thunder.
If Chuck Norris were a calendar, every month would be named Chucktober, and every day he'd kick your ass.
There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
Fear is not the only emotion Chuck Norris can smell. He can also detect hope, as in "I hope I don't get a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Chuck Norris. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Chuck Norris.
Every time Chuck Norris smiles, someone dies. Unless he smiles while he?s roundhouse kicking someone in the face. Then two people die.
Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
In the Bible, Jesus turned water into wine. But then Chuck Norris turned that wine into beer.
The Manhattan Project was not intended to create nuclear weapons, it was meant to recreate the destructive power in a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. They didn't even come close.
Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
The only sure things are Death and Taxes?and when Chuck Norris goes to work for the IRS, they'll be the same thing.
Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
Chuck Norris never has to wax his skis because they're always slick with blood.
Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
Chuck Norris won super bowls VII and VIII singlehandedly before unexpectedly retiring to pursue a career in ass-kicking.
Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris once lost the remote, but maintained control of the TV by yelling at it in between bites of his "Filet of Child" sandwich.
When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
Chuck Norris once pulled out a single hair from his beard and skewered three men through the heart with it.
When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesn't get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
Crime does not pay - unless you are an undertaker following Walker, Texas Ranger, on a routine patrol.
Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
The last thing you hear before Chuck Norris gives you a roundhouse kick? No one knows because dead men tell no tales.
When you're Chuck Norris, anything + anything is equal to 1. One roundhouse kick to the face.
The chemical formula for the highly toxic cyanide ion is CN-. These are also Chuck Norris' initials. This is not a coincidence.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Diamonds are not, despite popular belief, carbon. They are, in fact, Chuck Norris fecal matter. This was proven a recently, when scientific analysis revealed what appeared to be Jean-Claude Van Damme bone fragments inside the Hope Diamond.
Jean-Claude Van Damme once kicked Chuck Norris' ass. He was then awakened from his dream by a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris killed two stones with one bird.
'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
All roads lead to Chuck Norris. And by the transitive property, a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't actually write books, the words assemble themselves out of fear.
The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder.
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
The crossing lights in Chuck Norris's home town say "Die slowly" and "die quickly". They each have a picture of Chuck Norris punching or kicking a pedestrian.
The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
When in a bar, you can order a drink called a "Chuck Norris". It is also known as a "Bloody Mary", if your name happens to be Mary.
Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse. Horses are hung like Chuck Norris.
Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
A man once claimed Chuck Norris kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time.
Chuck Norris can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time.
Faster than a speeding bullet... More powerful than a locomotive... Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... These are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, and killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
Staring at Chuck Norris for extended periods of time without proper eye protection will cause blindess, and possibly foot sized brusies on the face.
Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
There are no such things as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
When Steven Seagal kills a ninja, he only takes its hide. When Chuck Norris kills a ninja, he uses every part.
Rules of fighting: 1) Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. 2) Don't bring a gun to a Chuck Norris fight.
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72... and they're all poisonous.
Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
It is said that looking into Chuck Norris' eyes will reveal your future. Unfortunately, everybody's future is always the same: death by a roundhouse-kick to the face.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
Everything King Midas touches turnes to gold. Everything Chuck Norris touches turns up dead.
Someone once tried to tell Chuck Norris that roundhouse kicks aren't the best way to kick someone. This has been recorded by historians as the worst mistake anyone has ever made.
Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down.
Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
Science Fact: Roundhouse kicks are comprised primarily of an element called Chucktanium.
After returning from World War 2 unscrathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a computer because a computer does everything slower than Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting.
What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... A suicide.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
Chuck Norris sheds his skin twice a year.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always answers "Two seconds till". After you ask "Two seconds to what?", he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
There are no steroids in baseball. Just players Chuck Norris has breathed on.
Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger. By yelling "Bang!"
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
Chuck Norris owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream and Hot Pockets.
Chuck Norris' credit cards have no limit. Last weekend, he maxed them out.
Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Chuck gave them a roundhouse kick to the face.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.
The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
Superman once watched an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. He then cried himself to sleep.
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb? None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
The easiest way to determine Chuck Norris' age is to cut him in half and count the rings.
Noah was the only man notified before Chuck Norris relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
According to the Bible, God created the universe in six days. Before that, Chuck Norris created God by snapping his fingers.
Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him "a promising Rookie".
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger. It is actually a list of fatalities that occurred during the making of the episode.
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
A handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
When you say "no one's perfect", Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds 'til." After you ask, "Two seconds 'til what?" he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
In the Words of Julius Caesar, "Veni, Vidi, Vici, Chuck Norris". Translation: I came, I saw, and I was roundhouse-kicked inthe face by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder because his roundhouse kicks are recognized as "acts of God."
Every time someone uses the word "intense", Chuck Norris always replies "you know what else is intense?" followed by a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!
According to the Encyclopedia Brittanica, the Native American "Trail of Tears" has been redefined as anywhere that Chuck Norris walks.
Chuck Norris once one a game of connect four in 3 moves.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
